feat: doc gen integration + examples templates (#29)
gravitee-io/terraform-provider-apim: docs/guides/v4api-response-template.md

---
page_title: "Simple HTTP Proxy"
subcategory: "V4 API"
---

# Create a V4 HTTP proxy API with CORS support and custom response templates

The following example configures the V4 HTTP proxy API with CORS.

> If the pre-flight phase fails, it will return a 412 status code whatever all content type with bespoke body.

Reviewer: Just updated `type` to `types`, but I don't fully understand what this means.

Is this correct?
```suggestion
If the pre-flight phase fails, it will return a 412 status code for all content types with a bespoke body.
```
